docs: copilot preview information (#1078)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/copilot-preview.md

---
id: copilot-preview
title: meshStack Copilot Preview
---

> meshStack Copilot (Copilot) is an AI assistant that integrates with meshStack.

Reviewer: Overall great introduction. I notices that after a sentence there is almost always a line break which looks in the docs quite weird when publish so you might want to reconsider

Author: Individual line breaks are just visible within the markdown document. https://pr-1078.d17q6gob2fx97d.amplifyapp.com/docs/copilot-preview.html

> It helps platform engineers build better services and their customers to find the right services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It helps platform engineers build better services and application teams to better leverage the services provided.
```
